1.import pandas as pd:
This imports the Pandas library and gives it an alias 'pd'. Pandas is a powerful library for data manipulation and analysis, often used for working with structured data in the form of dataframes.

2.import plotly.express as px:
This imports the Plotly Express library and gives it an alias 'px'. Plotly Express is a Python graphing library that simplifies the process of creating interactive visualizations.

3.import streamlit as st:
This imports the Streamlit library and gives it an alias 'st'. Streamlit is a popular library for creating web applications with minimal code, often used for building data dashboards and interactive web apps.

4.from streamlit_option_menu import option_menu:
This imports a specific function called 'option_menu' from the 'streamlit_option_menu' module. This function is likely used to create dropdown menus or select options within a Streamlit app.

5.import mysql.connector as sql:
This imports the 'mysql.connector' library and gives it an alias 'sql'. This library is used to connect to and interact with MySQL databases from Python code.

6.import pymongo:
This imports the 'pymongo' library, which is a Python driver for MongoDB. MongoDB is a NoSQL database, and 'pymongo' allows you to interact with MongoDB databases from Python.

7.from googleapiclient.discovery import build:
This imports the 'build' function from the 'googleapiclient.discovery' module. This is typically used when working with Google APIs, such as the Google Sheets API or Google Drive API, to create a service object for making API requests.

8.from PIL import Image:
This imports the 'Image' module from the 'PIL' (Python Imaging Library) library. PIL is often used for working with images in Python, including tasks like opening, manipulating, and saving images.

9.import traceback:
This imports the 'traceback' module, which provides methods for working with Python traceback information. It's often used for debugging and error handling to display stack traces when exceptions occur.




